README.md, before:

# MCWD
### About
MCWD, or the Minecraft World Deleter, is a Java program that, as suggested in the name, will mass-delete Minecraft worlds.
This is very useful to speedrunners who generate hundreds of Minecraft worlds for every session (depending on whether they
use multiple instances and how many times they reset) and Minecraft worlds tend to take up a large portion of your hard
drive when lots of unused worlds are just lying there, and just generally clog up the Minecraft world select menu.
### Installation
To install, go to the releases tab of this repository and download the JAR binary in the latest version. Double-click the
JAR file to run the program. Having problems? Try running it from your command prompt, with `java -jar JAR-NAME.jar`.
### Editing the options
The options file (`options.json`) should be found in your user's home directory, in the `.imcalledtech` folder and then in the
`MCWD` folder. Paste your default minecraft folder in here so that you don't have to navigate to it every time you want to
use the application. **Make sure that if there are backslashes, make them double** (i.e. from `\` to `\\`) otherwise the
program will reset the directory to the default minecraft folder. If your path uses forward slashes, there is no need to change
anything.

Commit message:

added note to readme and added comments to options class

README.md, after:

# MCWD
### About
MCWD, or the Minecraft World Deleter, is a Java program that, as suggested in the name, will mass-delete Minecraft worlds.
This is very useful to speedrunners who generate hundreds of Minecraft worlds for every session (depending on whether they
use multiple instances and how many times they reset) and Minecraft worlds tend to take up a large portion of your hard
drive when lots of unused worlds are just lying there, and just generally clog up the Minecraft world select menu. Note:
this program will only search for worlds starting with `Random speedrun #`. A future update will allow you to change the
prefix in the `options.json` file.
### Installation
To install, go to the releases tab of this repository and download the JAR binary in the latest version. Double-click the
JAR file to run the program. Having problems? Try running it from your command prompt, with `java -jar JAR-NAME.jar`.
### Editing the options
The options file (`options.json`) should be found in your user's home directory, in the `.imcalledtech` folder and then in the
`MCWD` folder. Paste your default minecraft folder in here so that you don't have to navigate to it every time you want to
use the application. **Make sure that if there are backslashes, make them double** (i.e. from `\` to `\\`) otherwise the
program will reset the directory to the default minecraft folder. If your path uses forward slashes, there is no need to change
anything.
